Is & brother of John Drew.

Tomorrow night the bill changes at the Metro,
Fox and Lionel Barrymore will appear for
the next three nights at the Orpheum.
The Orpheum and Edmund Breese will also
appear for the next three nights at Douglas.
The moving picture drama "The Master Key"
with Robert Leonard and Ella Hall opened at
the Grand this afternoon.
Phone 28 - Open evenings until 10, Richmond’s
Confectionery.
H.J. Raymond Company.
An Arrangment giving one daily news item
to those who want promotion.
The Bl'Dream.

New Short Release, more from the Tom Moore
Company. It is a great innovation “Amerlcan
ism" it won't make you morose, but
will give you thrills of Joy.
“The Best Man”, and “His Day Out" the 1st
to Elks audience tonight only, Bat. Matinee.
Rubbish the Daily News just because he can
play baseball. The Alaska-Juneau Co., says:
"J D does not need a team.'' At the new
capitol Saturday night, Mar. 1st. From 6 to
12 0'clock.
Every Thursday and Saturday. Friday an
Saturday.
Every Monday night at Red Men's Hall.
Saturday the boys will hold their dance in
Forester's Hall.
Money Mistakenly Delivered.
Miss M. Lynch received 55 in a delivery
from our office on the first of the month, but
we credited it to another Miss Lynch. The
party who received it and will return it to us
at once will greatly oblige.
The Alaska Juneau Mining Company and the
Perseverance will decide on a return tennis
match soon, to be play at Treadwell.
Thurlow Bergen and Elsie Edmonds in "The
Boundry Rider," at the Orpheum tonight. It is
different, but the story is thrilling, something
new in the line of western drama.
Admission twenty five cents.
Though the Chalmer place is noted as be-
ing'for sale, John Drew has refused all
offers.
Learn how the girl gets the better of the
game at the Lyric Tuesday and Wednesday.
Sold those who love a strain to hear “Lady
In the Dark," and all others. Mary
is at the Dream tonight and tomorrow night.
Fatty Arbuckle in a screaming two reel at
the Orpheum daily at 7:30 and 9 p.m.
At Red Men's Hall every Sun-

day night for twelve weeks in JOSS HERS-
(LIFFE, Walteig. They claim to be the
champion stoory tellers.
Short Season Route book now on sale.
White pass 8 Yukon Route, Offlu 213 Seward
St., ‘Phone 6.
Haskin's
pet Spi’s Farnes. c. c. u'organ.
The Lyric theatre opened on Thursday, film
"Beloved’s Home-coming.” The ladies will be
pleased to note that the lobby is entirely
western street.
The B. X. M. Basket ball team that has just
returned from a successful trip North will play
the Freshmen tonight at the J. D., 8. Game
called at 7:45.
Ad Club Minstrels at Elks' Hall, March 1st,

Alaska Gastineau Company. The Alaskan. Con-
cerning baseball on Gastineau Channel. Hy-
der Tennis Club.
Censorship in Chicago and "Living and
Seeing" in Juneau.
The Gazette has sailed in its mission of dis-
closing the brighter side of the beau'ul ful
dance.
Of All The Naughty Women,
Earth Have Mercy on Me Women,
Is at the Amateur.
Tom Powers, Gertrude Selby, and Sydney
Picquot in "The